Update retention documentation. (#380)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/cookbooks/retention.md

You can also see [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VtqNFQFB9eJNr57h3Mz-lldMcpSYQKHVn2jzMMjPFYY/) for a summary of our conceptual thinking about retention metrics.

## Standard Retention metrics

Note that the definitions below refer to "usage criterion".  See the [GUD Data Model documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sIHCCaJhtfxj-dnbInfuIjlMRhCFbEhFiBESaezIRwM/edit#heading=h.ysqpvceb7pgt) for more information.  For normal Firefox Desktop retention, the usage criteria referes to simply sending any main ping.

### 1-Week Retention

Among profiles that were active in the specified usage criterion at least once in the week starting on the specified day, what proportion (out of 1) meet the usage criterion during the following week.

### 1-Week New Profile Retention

Among new profiles created on the day specified, what proportion (out of 1) meet the usage criterion during the week beginning one week after the day specified.

> Note that we use a new profile definition that relies on the `profile_creation_date` and requires that a main ping be sent within one week of the `profile_creation_date`.  This differs from analysis using new profile pings, but allows valid comparison over time, which new profile pings do not due to the increase adoption of versions of the browser recent enough to send new profile pings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we use a new profile definition that relies on the `profile_creation_date` and requires that a main ping be sent within one week of the `profile_creation_date`.  This differs from analysis using new profile pings, but allows valid comparison over time. New profile pings do not allow comparison over time due to the increased adoption of versions of the browser recent enough to send new profile pings.
```

### Querying Smoot Usage Tables

For programatic access, the tables underlying GUD can be queried directly.  For example:

```sql
SELECT
  `date`,
  SAFE_DIVIDE(SUM(new_profile_active_in_week_1), SUM(new_profiles)) AS one_week_new_profile_retention,
  SAFE_DIVIDE(SUM(active_in_weeks_0_and_1), SUM(active_in_week_0)) AS one_week_retention
FROM `moz-fx-data-shared-prod.telemetry.smoot_usage_day_13`
WHERE
  usage = 'Any Firefox Desktop Activity'
  AND country IN ('US', 'GB', 'CA', 'FR', 'DE')
  AND `date` BETWEEN "2019-11-01" AND "2019-11-07"
GROUP BY `date` ORDER BY `date`
```

### Querying Clients Daily Tables

For more custom access, you use the clients_last_seen tables.  You can restrict to an arbitrary population of users by joining the `base` table below against a table containing the `client_id`s of interest.

```sql
CREATE TEMP FUNCTION
  udf_active_n_weeks_ago(x INT64, n INT64)
  RETURNS BOOLEAN
  AS (
    BIT_COUNT(x >> (7 * n) & (0x7F)) > 0
  );
CREATE TEMP FUNCTION
  udf_bitpos( bits INT64 ) AS ( CAST(SAFE.LOG(bits & -bits, 2) AS INT64));

WITH base AS (
  SELECT
    client_id,

>     submission_date,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    DATE_SUB(submission_date, INTERVAL 13 DAY) AS date,
```

We should probably include the 13 day shift as part of this example query, and modify the final SELECT to reference `date = "2019-12-01".
